Implementing the search bar, one of those things where documentation comes in handy because they already
have a usage section where they show us, hey, this is how you get the search bar.
This is how you put the search bar on the screen.
And we had to use a very simplified version of that because I didn't specify that we needed any interaction
or anything of that sort.
So the very basic implementation of this is the following.
We're going to import search bar from Riak native paper.
And over here we're going to put search bar between our view where we had styles, dot search.
OK, so what styles that search that's putting the padding around here.
And it's allowing the space for the search bar to breathe, so very basic and very simple, but we have
a beautiful search bar that already has a ton of nice features.
You see the backdrop here, the shadow, the little icon.
Amazing.
So simple and so awesome.
So with that now, we can go and we can look at how we're going to implement the list view.